OK are robo friends app is starting to look good it does some searching which is great.
It's very interactive.
But let's have some style so just sort of looks like this.
And I mean Stiles is something that we've already covered.
I just want to get you up and running quickly.
Let's start off with first the background as you can see we can just generate a gradient and have that
background.
I've already found a really good background too greedy and that we can use.
You can use the background generator that we've actually already created in previous videos.
For now as you know if we want to change the CSSA of our entire app Well we have indexed CSSA which
is perfect for this.
And then we can just put in the gradient that we want going to save this and look at that.
It tells us that there is an update and gradient has outdated directions syntax new syntax is like two
left instead of right.
Well isn't that convenient.
Let's do that to left.
Let's see if that still works.
OK everything's looking nice.
Perfect.
Let's fix our font.
Now if you see over here we have this cool font.
How did I get that.
Actually I just googled for the Sega Logo font and I found this web site that has free fonts you can
use and we can actually just click on generate font face what font.
And there's something that you don't really need to know.
It's just a matter of googling finding the font that you want.
But if you download this file you'll see that it actually has c w o f which is actually a font file
and styles Azzi SS So it actually tells you why you can include let's copy that added to our head or
one which if you look over here lives in Daut.
J Yes.
Using app Duchessa which I think we've deleted that already so let's bring it back by adding a new file
app dot see.
So we'll just copy and paste what we did and font face just tells us our font and in order to use that
we'll just say H-1 has font family of Sega Logo font.
Now this don't actually do anything because well we need the font file so they can find Sega Logo font
and that's simply a matter of us dragging in our font file.
Let's minimize this into our robo friends.
And let's see now.
It should be right over here.
And we can simply access it by looking at the you are all.
If our app dot CSSA file has access to this font we can just move it
into our source folder.
All right.
And one thing you might notice is that while nothing will change because in order for this CSSA file
to work we have to import it to always remember import apt.
C Ss save it.
Compiling.
All right.
I don't know if you can see it but it's there.
So we want to make it bigger and obviously the color block doesn't work well with this background.
Again this part is an CSSA song going to go through this quickly.
I have a few styles here font weight and a color that is nice.
Make sure that we have it import it and using Tankian we can just make this bigger we can just say class
name he calls.
He can do f one to lose to have two
Swan All right.
That looks pretty good.
Our app is looking nice and clean.
There's still a few changes that we want to make but overall everything looks good.
We've played around a bit with the CSSA we've added a new font file and we've changed a background of
index thought JS file with the index dot CSSA.
All right we're going to get back to learning more react in the next video.
I'll see on that one.
Bye bye.